enh(cloud-aws-billing): add enable billing alerts in AWS in prerequisites CTOR-357 (#4512)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/cloud-aws-billing.md

* cloudwatch:ListMetrics
* cloudwatch:getMetricStatistics

> > **Warning**, you must [enable billing alerts](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/gs_monitor_estimated_charges_with_cloudwatch.html#gs_turning_on_billing_metrics) in order to receive them in CloudWatch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Warning**: you must [enable billing alerts](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/gs_monitor_estimated_charges_with_cloudwatch.html#gs_turning_on_billing_metrics) in order to receive that type of information in CloudWatch.
```
